# Hello World Project

> Trello Board: [https://trello.com/b/IAZuAlru/helloworld](https://trello.com/b/IAZuAlru/helloworld)

> Made for Win64

NOTICE: Most recent commit may not be stable. Once the first stable release is created, it will be added to github releases.

## Build Instructions

Instructions on how to build each part of the project yourself (either to test betas or personal changes)

Requires MinGW64 and make.

### EMP-32-2000 (Main Project)

Run `$ make dirs` to ensure the build process doesn't fail.

Run `$ make VERSION=[debug|release]` to build and place the executable either in ./bin/debug/ or ./bin/release (default debug)

Final exetuable is ./bin/[debug|release]/main.exe

### WorldOS

Run `$ make dirs` to ensure the build process doesn't fail.

Run `$ make VERSION=[debug|release]` to build and place the binary either in ./bin/debug/ or ./bin/release (default debug)

Final binary is ./bin/[debug|release]/worldos.iso

### ECA Binutils

Run `$ make dirs` to ensure the build process doesn't fail.

Select which utility you wish to build, by ending the following make command with the name. Alternatively, no specification will build all of them. Following example is the ecc package.

Run `$ make VERSION=[debug|release] ecc` to build and place the binary either in ./bin/debug/ or ./bin/release (default debug)

Final binary is ./bin/[debug|release]/ecc.exe

___

## Installing ECA

> This installer is NOT code signed, meaning it will prompt with admin confirmation because the publisher is unknown

You can run eca_setup.exe (in ECA/) to run the installer (generated by Inno). This will prompt you for an install location, where the folder ECA will be created (default C:/Program Files/ECA). Inside this folder will be standard libraries for all the supported languages, and the command-line build tools under bin/.

___

## Documentation

You can view the full change history (since 2021-09-28) at [ChangeLog](ChangeLog). Note that this file only contains feature changes. Not minor edits and bug fixing.

You can view the full issue history (since 2021-09-22) at [IssueLog](IssueLog). Note that this file only contains major issues that lasted more than 1 commit. Not minor single-line bugs (for example).

### EMP-32-2000

You can find development docs at [docs/Design-dev.md](docs/Design-dev.md).

For architecture details read [docs/Architecture.md](docs/Architecture.md).

For a full list of instructions for the CPU read [docs/InstructionIndex.md](docs/InstructionIndex.md).

### WorldOS

> WorldOS README: [WorldOS/README.md](WorldOS/README.md)

You can find development docs at [WorldOS/docs/Design-dev.md](WorldOS/docs/Design-dev.md).

### ECA Binutils

> ECA README: [ECA/README.md](ECA/README.md)

You can find development docs at [ECA/docs/Design-dev.md](ECA/docs/Design-dev.md).

For documentation specific to using the Custom Compiler Collection read [ECA/docs/Usingecc.md](ECA/docs/Usingecc.md).

### NSLib C++ Library

> NSLib README: [ECA/libexec/nslib/README.md](ECA/libexec/nslib/README.md)

You can find development docs at [ECA/libexec/nslib/docs/Design-dev.md](ECA/libexec/nslib/docs/Design-dev.md).

___

## Contributing

If you want to contribute, submit a pull request.

___

## Issues

Submit an issues on [github](https://github.com/flamechain/HelloWorld/issues).

Use this [issue template](IssueTemplate) when submitting issues.
